Update instructions to use the OE SDK package in simulation mode on Windows (#3248)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/GettingStartedDocs/install_oe_sdk-Windows.md

## Platform requirements

> - A 64 bit machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A 64-bit machine
```

> - A 64 bit machine

Reviewer 2: Nit: It is an x86-64 machine. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86-64

Author: Thanks fixed.

> - A 64-bit machine

Author: ```suggestion
-  An x86-64 machine
```

- Check if your system has support for SGX1 with or without FLC, please look [here](./SGXSupportLevel.md)

>     - If your system does not have support for SGX1+FLC, simulation mode an be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If your system does not support SGX1+FLC,  simulation mode can be used.
```

> - Windows Server 2016 or 2019, or Windows 10 (1709 or newer)

Reviewer 2: Is Windows 10 supported?

Author: It should be. For v0.9.0 @mingweishih validated that he could set up a Windows 10 SGX1 system and use it.

## Platform requirements

> - An Intel system.

Reviewer 2: This could be any x64 system (both Intel/AMD).

The simulation mode does require certain instructions like xsave etc. But quite hard to tell which versions of the Intel/AMD processors do support them.

- A 64-bit machine

- Check if your system has support for SGX1 with or without FLC, please look [here](./SGXSupportLevel.md)

>     - If your system does not support SGX1+FLC,  simulation mode can be used.

Reviewer: I accidentally add a space before `simulation` 😢

Reviewer 3: @mingweishih BTW, for simple edits, you can just propose a change using the syntax:
````md 
```suggestion
    - If your system does not support SGX1+FLC, simulation mode can be used.
```
````
which will produce an interactive merge option in the PR review like this:

```suggestion
    - If your system does not support SGX1+FLC, simulation mode can be used.
```
